 In the process of handling a regressive requirement, the following sequence of tasks and gateways is executed:

1. When a regressive requirement is met, a task is initiated to check the regression case. This task is directed towards ExclusiveGateway3.

2. If the regressive requirement is justified, the case is forwarded to the ExclusiveGateway2, which is connected to the Examination of opposition.

3. If the regressive requirement is not justified, the case is forwarded to the ExclusiveGateway3, which leads to the Closed task.

4. If the regressive requirement is possible, the case is sent to the Set case in re-publish task, which is connected to the Regress possible? gateway.

5. If the case is set for re-publishing, it is directed towards the Money meets task, which is connected to the Regress possible? gateway.

6. If the money meets, the case is forwarded to the Regress successfully performed task, which is connected to the Money meets task.

7. If the regressive requirement is not possible, the case is sent to the Send payment request task, which is connected to the Regressive requirement meets gateway.

8. If the payment request is sent, the case is directed towards the Set case in re-publish task, which is connected to the Regress possible? gateway.

9. If the case is set for re-publishing, it is forwarded to the Inkasso handed over task, which is connected to the Reimbursement period expired gateway.

10. If the case is closed, it is directed towards the Closed task, which is connected to the Objection arrived gateway.

11. If the case is closed successfully, it is directed towards the Closed task, which is connected to the Money meets gateway.

12. If the case is handed over to the inkasso, it is directed towards the Inkasso handed over task, which is connected to the Reimbursement period expired gateway.

13. If the case is successfully regressed, it is directed towards the Regress successfully performed task, which is connected to the Money meets gateway.

This